Okay, let's just I don't need her on this call
Unless she wants to be
Okay, so
All right guys, so thank you so much. I know both of you are engineers and
This is not your full-time job. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share a screen first
So
I'm just gonna share the Aegis website. Did you guys actually make did you guys make this the Aegis website?
Yeah, we have
You you built it yourself
Yeah
Just wait a minute
She's a she's a website
That's
I didn't catch that. Did you want me to are you translating that for me?
Sam will share his screen and and he has pre
prepared a
Website
Okay, so before we get started, can I just show you this I'll stop sharing my screen in a second
Okay. Okay. It's okay. So
This is the Aegis Trust website and one of the things I keep kind of mentioning is
You're I think you're gonna have to make totally new backgrounds because what we want is to have these color blocks
So up here on the top, you've got a blue color block
Then you've got the white color block and the way they're the spacing how the font is is perfect
So if you want to copy
How this looks but with our content that would be great
Does that make sense? Oh?
Yeah
So you can see
We have different colors with some different backgrounds
So
That is
That's kind of what I was thinking the only thing that's really different on our home page is the navigation bar across the top here is
Is
Set in place. I like that better than having it all go up. So you always see the logo and the difference
And these and the different
Sections of the website up here and then like ours is the LinkedIn should be
We have it on the bottom
Yeah, we could also put it up top for now. I kind of like it up top like this
I think that's nice. It should link to the tokenization
foundations linked in
so
Anyway, that's what I'm looking at. I have a lot of
Do you want me to do you want to share your screen first? Did you want me to take a look at something?
Yeah
So I will share my screen
Okay, hold on a second. I don't see your screen being shared
Did you want to share your screen?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just wait with a minute
I'm sure no
Okay, thank you
Okay
It's okay. Can you can you see?
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah
This is Sam
Prepared
Preview version
With AI
How do you think this was so I have a I sent you guys get the email I sent with all the comments
I've reviewed your website already. Oh
Yeah, I sent it I sent an email with a bunch of comments in there
But I'll take you through the comments one by one if you'd like that's what I thought this call was about
Okay
Let me check hold on and take a look at my email. Hold on
Yeah, I'm check check my email
So I don't
Don't
Have any email about talk about these websites. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I can see
Sarah I wonder if it's her chatbot or her AI
No, now she's not there when
Because the invitation that she sent which is nine o'clock tonight. I tried to log into that
I
Should put
Yeah, my dackey mouth only that was it but I can't I don't know why I can't get in that's so bizarre
I mean, I have the guys on the phone right now
Sorry DC and Sam. I'm just trying to get Lynn in
Okay, why don't I just I'll just cancel the meeting and I'll send out one more time
I'm gonna try right now one more time. Okay. Yeah, I mean it just
I don't know. I mean, I've been waiting to yeah, it's bizarre cuz Sarah actually set it up. Oh
All of a sudden it's working. Oh, yes. Okay. I see you guys. Yes. Okay, great. I think so. Yeah. Okay. Good. Okay
There you are
Okay
No, I'm not sure why that was so difficult, but any event
We're all in now. Yes
see and Sam
Thank you. They did so I know these guys are
Not website designers by day. So I really appreciate it Sam and DC how much work you've done. So I sent an
email
With all sorts of comments and that's what we're going to go through right now
Okay, so in the email you put the comments
Yeah, we have got got got these and
We will realize
according to all these
comments
Okay, okay, I
Think it might be helpful if I land. I'm sending it to you right now if I go high level
Through these for you. Okay. So thing number one is we just took a look at
Guys can I just share for a second? I'm going to share my screen with ages trust. Well, I will stop my share
And then you can have it back in a second. So
One of the things we were talking about is we would like
There's a couple of big things. I'd like to simplify it
To some degree and then it looks like right now
We've dropped a presentation into the build what I'd like to make it look like is more like a website
And what you've done on ages trust is perfect
so the color
The color bars that go across
They go all the way across the top the top then you've got a white
I'm calling these like color blocks
So you've got a blue color block at the top then you've got the white color block
Then you've got this dark one
It's it just allows the reader to see different sections
So that's what I would like to have happen on our website as well
So that's thing number one thing number two is
on the
You've got
headlines
right
You've got the headline here who we are and then you have the copy
On our website, it's different on the different sections. So
I'm not a website designer. I did look it up on chat gbt and I sent
some suggestions
Like I think the you know the the font size is probably no larger than 16
You guys make a determination kind of based on what you see here with ages trust that looks good to me
Does that make sense?
So
The color blocks need to go all the way across
The fonts so the headlines need to all be the same size
The body copy
Which is down here needs to be the same size
Okay, okay, go ahead. Okay, great
Okay, then I'm going back to my email
um
Okay, so if you go to the navigation bar
the
So let's just go to the sam
Or dc who was sharing before why don't I'll stop sharing and when I
Will uh, let's look at our own website. Can you put it back up?
Okay, uh
Let me show it's okay. Thanks
Okay, so
a thing number one
is
tokenization foundation logo is incorrect
Yeah, I know I attached a new one for you
Is this page one or is this the first page homepage?
Yeah, okay
Okay, so this is a home page so needs a new logo upper left
looking down here
Um, this is too busy
Could you make this a little bit of a
let's take out the
Slash across it and make it a lighter blue. So the navigation bar and this first block
Are
Different blues. So the the first block. Let's make it lighter
Okay, okay
um
All right, let's keep going and then and then you don't need
Remove this little tf in the court bottom right corner
um
Right here the can you see that it's uh, right on the right the black tf. It's a very tiny little tf
Okay
Yeah, um, I can't see
We take it down again
Oh, yeah, I see this one
It's right here. It's very tiny in the corner
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
Okay, we'll move it. Yeah, you remove that. Okay. Let's go down to the next section
Let's tighten up the spacing
Okay, the go down a little bit to go back to the blue part
Yep, see how much there's too much space between this blue section
And the next section you should make it less space there
Oh, yeah
Okay, we know okay
So it's um less space there
Okay, keep going down for that. Let's go down to the problem
So those be a little bigger they're kind of
I think what they need to do is whatever size it looks pretty small right here Lynn, but um,
They need to pick a font size that's considered
That's exact. So same thing dc. Uh, when we worked on the, um
We were working on the website for DAC same thing the consistency of the font
Size. Yeah, I know. Okay. That's really helpful
No problem. Okay. Great. Thank you. All right
Then moving down to the next section the solutions
Let's get rid of this black. So this should be a different color
Rectangle behind it
So gray
Or something you could do gray. You could do blue if you use a darker gray, which is in our color palette the font
Should be white
So you can read it easily
Yeah
Okay
For this section, let's remove that big black
Icon it's just too much right there
And
What you should do here is it should just roll across so at the headline
Should be a reimagined model is the first line
The second line should say programmable humanitarian infrastructure
All on the same line
No problem
Great
Thank you
Let's keep going
So the background color on this should not be white
behind
the
Behind this so for this remove the impact just get rid of that little
Impact floating right there
Uh the blue box the blue box
Remove it delete it
Okay
Okay, and then
We shouldn't have any white boxes within other boxes
Just like we have on the ages website if you're going to use this light gray behind there. Let's just
Put the put the copy right on the light gray. So it's a nice unified one color box
Page except for maybe the first page is all this gray background with no boxes
Right it should it they should be alternating just like they are on ages
So you'll have one that's blue one. That's white one. That's gray
You could do a darker gray. You guys have the brand guidelines, correct?
Yeah, we have and we will refer to it
To ages websites again
Perfect
Okay, yeah, and then you have the tokenization foundation brand guidelines with the color
um
The color is described in cm yk so you can
Put the numbers in and you get the right colors
No problem
Okay, do you have it though?
Yeah
Okay, um, all right. Let's go up. Uh, one more thing on this. I see another little black tf in the corner here
Let's get rid of that
They're everywhere
Okay, um, and then and then um one more thing on this go back
Let me see this gray section one more time
So get rid of impact
You'll make it all one color
It can be alternating and then
um
Lynn do you think I think this is headline size so over the
No, you'll have three sizes of fonts
So that you'll have a headline which is infrastructure designed to deliver
Then you have body copy and then you'll have one more which we're going to call like subhead
Yep, and that will be uh, you could make that a little smaller than the
Headline so I think we're good there. Oh, what's that plus sign?
The plus oh the plus should be connected to the billion
So that sentence should read
Over the next actually I rewrote the sentence in the email. I gave to you guys
I would prefer it
That sentence reads
I have line one should say over five years
The platform is expected to reach a billion plus people globally comma line two should say
Well while scaling transaction volume into hundreds of millions annually
So just two lines
And that's in my email guys
So you'll be able to see that and I have it
highlighted for you impact section
Okay
Okay
Yeah, okay
And I put screenshots in my email
So I put what the direction was and then the screenshots below it. So it's fairly easy to follow
It's like a giant checklist. Okay. The next section is the governing council
section
Yeah
You can scroll down. Yeah, thank you go down. Perfect
So this section should definitely have an all white background
Because we'll be putting logos on it these logos are incorrect. So I sent you a united nations logo
And then I just checked it was the same one that's on the website. Yeah, because that was
And then the interest logo looks wrong as well
And then do we need a two initial founding governing? It's it's one or the other. It's initial governing council members are founding
I think isn't that overkill initial and founding I would put two founding governing council members. Yeah
Yeah, let's get rid of the word initial there
On the second sentence the one two three the fourth word should come out
Okay
Should read ecosystem with
Two founding governing council members
Okay, no thanks. Thanks and then
And then I don't like the copy below there
I would like to say interested in being on our council
And then click this link. Yeah
Instead of getting getting is very casual or or interested in being a council member
That's good too. I like that either one
Yeah
Understand
Okay
Okay
All right
Okay, then
Going down
You can get rid of the
I like how this is how this is a dark background and then you have the white font
and then
that uh
And then you have the white copy
I would like you to make sure the block again goes all the way to the sides
Get rid of the small
join
In the rectangle
Up on that's why
Yeah, the white box. Yep. Yep. Yeah, and then um
That's fine that should be fine. Okay, and then um
I think
I need to show you on the footer
Um, can you can you let me drive for a sec? I'm gonna put up my uh
I think I think I can just come in and do it right
Okay, uh, let me stop my share
Okay, I'll share for one second and then we'll go back to you
Okay, so here's my email and on the footer
I'd like you to find a linkedin logo somewhere on the internet that has a
Transparent background that you can put over this so there's not the linkedin inside a white box
Okay
Okay, and then um
Our designer had designed this
So you put you moved capital that responds up and it's kind of floating up here
I know you did that because you
Will copy down here
If you could put all the legal copy over on the left side and just put capital that responds in the same
place
that
I have below there. This is how it should look
Whoops
Does that make sense?
Yeah
Okay, every page
Or just the last page
I think the footer on websites. Don't doesn't the footer always stay on every page. I don't know. Let me see
Uh, it depends. I mean, I think some does
I think it's just whether
What we want for consistency or you know, it doesn't have to but
I
I like
I think we should do that. I think we're gonna probably need some of the same things we have on
On ages
I would agree with you. I think it's but it just sort of finishes it off or something
And inconsistently reinforces this message to me. Yeah, right. So yeah, I think we should
Yeah, um, I think it should be on every at the bottom of every page
And as we add more things about the company becomes more, you know, we'll need it more for navigation. Okay. Um
Yeah, that looks good. Okay, should we go
Back to the websites
I'll stop sharing
You guys can pull the website up and share it again, please
Are you pulling the website back up?
Oh, uh, uh, I don't think we need, uh, uh, share this
Websites
Okay, uh, is there anything else christian that you want to we do have a few other pages
Oh
Just wait a minute. Um, let me see. Let me show uh, the websites
Okay
Yeah, that's the correct logo. There we go. Okay. Yeah, okay. Good. Can you go to approach please? Okay
Okay, so so for this, um, all these bars, we should try to make this look like it's part of the website. So, um
The the header right there reimagining a fully tokenized ecosystem
Should be on the first line and then below it
it should say
for humanitarian capital
two lines
And what i'm hoping here is that
You can take these bars behind each one of these
pieces of the chart
And draw them out to the side
So it looks more like
It fills up the entire screen and doesn't just look like a like we took a
PowerPoint
Is that possible
Okay, um
Does that make sense
Hmm, let me think
Oh, no problem
Okay, um, all right. Yeah, pulling those out to the side. Um
Okay, let's go down to the next section
Okay, so we'll need a bar
separating these two sections
So I like how you have the gray bar here. I mean, this is just basically
We want people to click and read our white paper
So we want that to look like a button they can click on
Okay, um
Yeah, I think I'm not sure. I mean, I guess once we see it up. It's hard when it's smaller, but
We may not want to put in some of the stuff about what our use is just, you know
What is a sdr?
What does it need to digitize it? I don't I don't know. I'd have to think, you know, I'd have to see it, but um
We're talking about
We don't really define what sdr is because a lot of people don't know
So I don't I don't know. I have to think about this thing a little bit more
Yeah
I was kind of
I was thinking about that as well. But if we want to do this it should really be broken up into bullets
Yeah, and if we were it's more like first trying to understand what is an sdr
Many people have no idea. So, you know spelling it out
synthesizing it and then you know the bullets of you know, it's a central bank currency
And then going into more digitized, but we start talking about how that's going to be
immediately turned into a token
My experience and maybe the people I talked to aren't that bright. I don't know
but is it it takes a while for people to really get the idea of
A physical thing cash moving into a token like they really need to
Make it super super simple. I'm not I did this might be too much
But let's keep it there for the moment and then we can as we get more along we could
Break it down
I could create bullets or something, but I think you're right. It is really missing. Yeah, what is it?
Yeah, it's not really explaining. It's telling how we want to explain it, but
Yeah, it's it's almost too much. So I don't know
All right, let's think about think about like when you've talked to people about it
Yeah, and I think that we might want to just say hey, you know
What the sdr is?
Our program is to digits to have a digital token with that naming
Convention
I don't know if at this point we need to get into how that we're going to release them and what they're
That might be too much
Okay, yeah
Yeah
Yeah, okay
So for now, let's just leave this
As a placeholder. Yep leave it in a yes put it leave it here guys and we'll put um
Just put a color behind it pick a gray pick a white
Just leave it there and then we'll change it. Okay. Let's keep going
The next section is not working at all
This is the tokens will
It's just
I feel like it's not working for
It's not working. It just seems like out of nowhere
Yeah
Is so big
It's too big for one. Yes. The design's not working, but I also think the story is not working
I think lin we need to think about what we want to say here
What do people need to know?
Yeah, I mean, um
Let's see
Well, let me think about that what you know
I mean, I do like the circle
Concept, you know the circular loop
Yeah, but um, maybe the colors are just too much. Maybe we take out the colors and just have the words
and
But then you need the arrows so I don't know how you get that
Yeah
I said
I think it's just um
I think it needs more context is because like when you're when it's in the pitch deck
It makes sense because somebody's talking through it
so
There's probably a way to connect the last the section right above that with this
We could always put the copy on one side and have this on the other side or whatever, but um
I think we need to explain what a dsdr is
um
What it's what its role is for this and then you know
Maybe a little how we're using it. I don't I don't know
We just need to think of the
How we want to position this so anyway, this is not working but
We will come up with something
So for now, why don't you just leave those two sections?
As you say and we'll we'll come back to you guys dc and sam
So leave them
Okay
All right, that's easy, right? Okay. Let's keep going
This section
It's very copy-heavy compared to what we've done on the other parts
uh, I feel like
I want to take a stab at shortening this anita wrote this lin
All right, it feels it feels for the website to me
It doesn't look like what's on the white
I
Think let's pull much contents here. It feels like reading a research paper
Yes, you're right. Yeah, it's very much a research paper
Yeah, it's for me, it's way too much on a webpage, you know way too much. Yeah, so maybe we just put the um
The titles how I AI powers the tokenization foundation
And take out some of the verbiage and we can clean that up
Yeah, I don't know, uh
I don't know how all this got in there to be honest with you, but it's I I had asked uh,
Anita what she wanted
All of that
So I think it's too much. So I'll take a stab at
shortening this
That's something I can do. Um
Lynn if you take the
What you'd like to what you think people should know
About this dear
Yeah, yeah
Also, you know when when I just reviewed this stuff that Anita gave us for the white paper
Um, this isn't you know, she starts somewhere around like practice practitioner intelligence
That that's kind of where she starts
um
In yeah, I mean this could be cut way down. I I think
Yeah
Did she give you something new on the white paper today?
He sends it. Yeah. Did you see it? I mean she gave us some stuff
Yeah, I she I had gotten copied on something. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it looked pretty good
There's a few things I would change but there's um, it looked good. It wasn't as worthy as this
Okay, all right
let's uh
Okay, this needs to be cut down. Okay, and then I think the last part of this page is the footer
Just needs to match the other footer
Yeah
Okay, and then you've got the team page which we haven't done yet
You guys want to click on team just to show
Kind of looks like you just want to click on the team. Um,
DC
It's the next
There you go. So
There we are
It's great
I like my hairstyle. It's a good one. So, um
Yes, so basically I'm just gonna have basic just one sentence pretty much maybe two and then a then uh
Then our linkedin links and that's it
Okay
Yeah, and I think we can just use the
I think you should use the linkedin logo
Below each of these the uh horizontal one
And that's it and then I think meet the team you can take that out of um
Take that out of the rectangle
And then and then Lynn why don't we just take this time and look at one more thing with these guys the uh contact form
Right
Will you click on the contact form, please? Yeah
Okay, okay
so
Yeah, I think you guys had an interesting solution to this so
Lynn they have the three
boxes
I mean the three, uh
Basically three categories you can click on
I thought it was interesting. Um, yeah, so
Do we want
There's a few fields there. I was wondering about
I'm not sure it's to say
um
So we have joint contact us
um
Join the council join the council and join the do we want to say the waitlist wasn't it?
Yeah, it is join the waitlist. We wanted to have um
Should it say join the token waitlist join
What what what do you think?
What do you think that's gonna
Well to me token is understood in a sense, but um
I mean we're not launching till next year. So
Yeah, the actual token the physical token. Um
I think join the waitlist is fine
Okay, because if you're just curious you would contact if you want to join the council
Uh, you know, that's the governing body or if you want to join the waitlist. I think
Presumably people would understand I'm joining the waitlist for a token
But we could say token
It doesn't matter
Okay, would be too many words, but yeah, oh, I like that. It's two words in each one. Yeah, so we've got
We've got the first name
last name
work email
Job title is not mandatory
phone number
We're not making that mandatory either and you guys have all the country codes in there
Which is good. Um
Organization
Uh
Any name
So
Yeah, we don't have company in there
Right
Um, oh, yeah, we do we do have company name. Where underneath phone number
Okay
Phone number
Yeah
Perfect, and then what would you like to explore?
Um, yeah, there it is it says a token waitlist. So that's good
Yeah
And then I put media inquiries here as well. Yeah
Interest in our governing council. I wrote these just is institutional investment. The first one is that okay
Um, yeah, I think so. Okay. Yeah
And then I like the right here. This is a great form
Yeah, I know it looks good. I like it
I thought we were gonna have three different ones. I like how you guys have that that's a really great solution. Thank you
Right
Yeah
Right
Okay
And then again on this, uh
Just make sure you have the right footer there
Oh, wait a minute. Hold on. I'm looking at something. I didn't realize at the top of the form it says
Get in
Can you scroll down a little bit? I see something on the top there keep going
go down
Uh, go go down even more. There's something at the top of my form
Oh
Can I show you something?
Yeah, okay
All right
Hold on I'm gonna share my uh
I have something online that looks like
I don't know what that is
It's contact it says get in touch contact reach out to our team
Do we need all that to know we have it twice? Yeah, so so guys, I think what you can do is you can get rid of this
You'll have the nav bar up at the top and you should just see this when you click on to the get in touch
That's it
Yeah, we'll go you can get rid of you can get rid of all that stuff at the top
Okay, perfect
Great
Do you have anything else right now?
I feel like we covered a lot
So lin you and I have a few next steps for tomorrow
I'll be working on this and I know these guys are working while we're sleeping. Yeah
Yes
All right
Thank you guys. Yeah, thank you and thanks for joining on this
Thank you
We will just according to the modification points we will just discuss
Wonderful. Thank you. All right. Have a good night when we'll talk tomorrow. All right. Thanks. Thank you guys. Bye. Thanks. Bye. Bye
